Learn at Home to Make 
Attractive Becoming Clothes 

The "One Hour Dress" was created by Mary 
Brooks Picken, Director of Instruction of the
Woman's Institute of Domestic Arts and Sciences.
This great school at Scranton, Pa., is the largest
school of dressmaking and designing in the world
and teaches exclusively by the home study method. 

Mrs. Picken created the "One Hour Dress" espe-
cially to demonstrate how easily you can make
attractive clothes when you have proper instructions. 
The directions in this book are just an example 
of the amazingly simple methods used in the

Woman's Institute New Course
in Dressmaking and Designing 

This New Course presents an entirely new way of learning to make
your own clothes, based on the Institute's successful experience in teaching 
180,000 women and girls. It is a new method by which you start at once 
to make actual garments, a new plan that covers every phase of dress-
making thoroughly, and yet makes it so fascinating that you will want to 
spend every spare moment that you have in planning and fashioning and 
making the many pretty clothes you have always wanted, but never felt 
you could afford to buy. 

By this fascinating new method of teaching by mail, you, too, can 
quickly learn in spare time, in the comfort and quiet of your own home, 
to make dresses, skirts, blouses, suits, wraps, lingerie, children's clothes—
in fact, garments of every kind. With this training you will not only be 
able to make all your own clothes, but to take up Dressmaking as a busi-
ness—secure a good-paying position or open a shop of your own. 

It costs you nothing to find out all about the Woman's Institute and
what it can do for you. Just send a letter, post card, or the convenient 
card enclosed and you will receive, without obligation, the full story of 
this great school that is bringing to women and girls all over the world 
the happiness of having dainty, becoming clothes, savings almost too good 
to be true, and the joy of being independent in a successful business. 
Please state whether you are most interested in home or professional 
dressmaking. 

Woman's Institute of Domestic Arts & Sciences 
Dept. 407, Scranton, Pa. 