Other Variations Shown in This Book

The dress on the cover is as smart as it is lovely and can be made in a
minimum amount of time—34 minutes, if necessary. The skirt is made of
2 1/4 yards of allover organdie flouncing, the blouse of 1 1/4 yards of plain
organdie, and the sash of 3 1/3 yards of 7-inch ribbon. Lace flouncing, voile 
flouncing, or any other type of exquisite material in fashionable color will 
make up attractively in this kind of frock.

The dress on the inside cover is of substantial silk ratiné in tan with
brown darning stitch as trimming. Even with the decorative hand stitch-
ing, the dress may be made quickly. To make it smart and attractive,
you will need 3 1/3 yards of 40-inch ratiné and 10 yards of silk floss.

Page 1.—Model 6 is demure and lovely, made of checked gingham, with 
collar and sleeve trim of lace, and a jaunty black ribbon bow. The result
is a dress definitely suitable for morning wear, for shopping, or for all-
day wear to business. An extra 1/2 yard of material is required for the
bias apron bands, or 4 1/2 yards in all, with 1 1/4 yards of ribbon for tie.

What could be more admirable as an all-round summer dress than
Model 6A? It may be made of any of the imitation linen suitings, or,
if the purse allows, of flannel. With a blouse portion, the skirt and sleeve 
extensions may be corn color embroidered in blue and black, or with a tan 
Canton blouse, the skirt and sleevelets may be brown with brown and tan 
embroidery bandings. You will need 1 3/4 yards for the blouse and 2 1/3 yards
for the skirt and the sleeve trimmings.

Model 6B shows a wee lady's dress made of tan gingham cloth and cre-
tonne with tan, cherrybloom, and old blue as the predominating colors.
For a 6- to 8-year old, 1 1/8 yards of gingham and 1/2 yard of cretonne will 
be enough.

Made of dotted Swiss and voile, Model 6C boasts an apron tunic shirred 
and attached to a sash of the voile, which occurs again in the tiny puff
sleeves. For a slight, youthful type oof organdie may be used for the sleeve
puffs and sash. In material, 4 1/4 tards of voile, with 1 yard of organdie,
is needed.

Smart gingham plaid uses lace or organdie ruffle trim on the neck and
the sleeves of Model 6D. Velvet, ribbon, or organdie may make the tie at
the right side, or a 3/4-inch belt running from tucks to tucks across the 
sides may be used. The material requirements are 3 1/3 yards of gingham,
4 yards of lace, and 1 1/2 to 2 1/8 yards of ribbon.

Page 2.—Model 6E, developed in the new crossbar, embroidered voile 
carries a wee apron in the front banded with contrasting material, the
same trimming making the sleeve and waist-line finishes. Buy, for this
model, 3 3/4 yards of voile, 1/3 yard of banding material, and 1 yard of 1-inch 
ribbon for the tie.

In Model 6F, a very modish dress, contrasting material trims the sleeves 
and makes the applied plaited section in panel effect down the front.
Rosette banding makes a distinctive waist-line finish and trims the sleeves.
White crêpe de Chine with trimming of yellow or green crêpe de Chine
or Georgette would be lovely selections in both material and color. For
this dress, 3 1/3 yards of material, with 1 1/8 yards of contrasting material for 
bands and plaiting, and 1 yard of rosette banding all neatly assembled 
will be sufficient.

For Model 6G. Dryad green Canton crêpe is used with silver-color 
Georgette for the waist-line ornament, and the shirt-front vestee, which is
edged with a tiny silver-color Georgette ruffle. The buttons may be of
silver or pearl. The small insert above shows how the skirt portion is cut
to produce the side drape. Because of the drape and the long sleeves, 4 1/4
yards of 40-inch crêpe and 1/4 of a yard of trimming material are needed.

Model 6H is an adaptable dress and may be of gingham cloth, voile, 
crêpe de Chine, or Canton crêpe. The exquisite decorative embroidery
shown may be bought by the yard and applied directly to the dress. The 
regulation amount of material, or 3 1/3 yards, is all that is needed, with
3 1/2 yards of the decorative banding.

264WI—12605